feat(core): add core resource types (#6)
Pure-Farming/Documentation: docs/resource-types/common.md

| **Content Type** | The content type of the link | String |
| **Related** | The actual URI of this Link | String |
| **Relationship** | The relationship of this link to its parent | String |

---

## Total Area

> It is the total area of the Boundary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the total area of the geospatial object. 
```
Or maybe "feature" rather than "object"

```json
{

>     "area": 0,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "measurement": 0,
```
Area was old - we have modified the schema to be consistent for all measurement types now (and using Geospatial)

>     "units": 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "units": "MTK"
```

}
```

| Response Item | Description | Data Type |
| ------------- | ----------- | --------- |

> | **Area** | The total area of the spatial feature. | Number |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Measurement** | The total area of the spatial feature. | Number |
```

| **Units** | The unit of measurement. | Enumeration |

---

## Total Length

It is the total Length of all Boundaries.

```json
{
    "measurement": 0,
    "units": "FT"
}
```

| Response Item | Description | Data Type |
| ------------- | ----------- | --------- |

> | **Measurement** | The total length of all boundaries, or polygons for a spatial feature. | Number |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Measurement** | The total length of all line strings, or total perimeter of all polygons. | Number |
```
Feel free to disagree with this one
